# Deploy a new city

> This is a description of a proccess to setup a new Django Girls city chapter.

**1) Create a website**

```
$ heroku run python manage.py new_event --app djangogirls
```

*Running `python manage.py new_event` attached to terminal... up, run.9309*  
Hello there! Let's create new Django Girls event! So exciting!  
Let's start with some basics.  
What is the name of the city?: __Budapest__  
What is the name of the country?: __Hungary__  
What is the date of the event? (Format: DD/MM/YYYY or MM/YYYY): __06/12/2014__  
What should be the URL of website? djangogirls.org/xxxx: __budapest__  
Ok, got that! Your new event will happen in Budapest, Hungary on 6th December 2014  
Now let's talk about the team. First the main organizer:  
First and last name: __Dorottya Czapári__  
E-mail address: __redacted__  
All right, the main organizer is Dorottya Czapári (dori.czapari@gmail.com)  
Do you want to add additional team members? y/n: __n__  
OK! That's it. Now I'll create your event.  
Here is an access info for team members:  
Dorottya - email: redacted password: redacted  
Website is ready here: http://djangogirls.org/budapest  
Congrats on yet another event!

**2) Add to django-girls-organizers mailing list:**

https://groups.google.com/forum/#!managemembers/django-girls-organizers/add

Example welcome message:
> This is a private group for Django Girls organizers only. We plan to use it to exchange ideas, help each other and share knowledge :) Please, use this list for all your questions or doubts.

**3) Create e-mail address:**

https://admin.megiteam.pl/p2/poczta/konta/*/dodaj/

Address: always *city*@djangogirls.org  
Password: use Megiteam's generator. Also, paste password in the account description  
E-mail size: 1024 MB.

**4) Create e-mail address alias:**

Go to: [https://admin.megiteam.pl/p2/poczta/aliasy/*/dodaj/](https://admin.megiteam.pl/p2/poczta/aliasy/*/dodaj/)

And create an alias from *city*@djangogirls.com to *city*@djangogirls.org


**5) Send e-mail instructions:**

Email will be generated by the new_event script. Don't forget to replace the e-mail password :) 

:tada:!